feat(sidebar): Independently customize sidebar state on mobile and desktop screens (#943)
rstudio/bslib: NEWS.md

* When `layout_columns()` is given a `col_widths` value with `breakpoints()` at `lg` or wider, it now uses a better default column width for the smaller breakpoints not listed in the `col_widths` value. That said, you can always include `sm` or `md` in your `breakpoints()` definition to have complete control over column widths at those sizes. (#931)

* `sidebar()` now supports separate choices for the `open` argument on mobile or desktop screens. You can pass a list with `mobile` and `desktop` values to `open` to control the sidebar's initial state on each screen size, choosing from `"open"`, `"closed"`, or `"always"` (for an always-open sidebar that cannot be collapsed). (#943)

> * `page_sidebar()` and `page_navbar()` now default to sidebars that are collapsible and initially open on desktop screens and always open on mobile screens. You can customize this behavior by choosing a different value for `open` in the `sidebar()` call passed to the page's `sidebar` argument. (#943)

Reviewer: I also feel like this could go in the breaking changes section?

```suggestion
* A `sidebar()` passed to `page_sidebar()`/`page_navbar()` is no longer collapsed by default on mobile screens. To revert to the old behavior, set `open = "desktop"` in the `sidebar`. (#943)
```
